Getting Started with Synthetic Monitoring > Private Locations (#10953)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/synthetics/private_location.md

## Overview

Private locations allow you to **monitor internal-facing applications** or **private URLs** that aren’t accessible from the public internet. 

> You can also:

Reviewer: I feel like it makes it slightly less clear that the following use cases are solved by private locations as well - do you think you could rephrase a bit?

Author: ```suggestion
You can also use private locations to:
```

> - Create custom locations in mission-critical areas of your business.

Reviewer: I liked how the bold we were using before made the four main use cases very clear 😬

Author: Bringing back the bold!

> - Verify the application performance in your internal CI environment before you release new features to production with [Synthetic CI/CD Testing][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify the application performance in your internal testing environments before you release new features to production with [Synthetic CI/CD Testing][1].
```

- Compare the application performance from inside and outside your internal network.

> Private locations are Docker containers that you can install anywhere inside your private network. Once you've created and installed your private location, you can assign [Synthetic API tests][2] just like you would with a managed location.

Reviewer: Not only API tests, any time of Synthetic tests - let's clarify that

Reviewer: Also let's maybe say something like: Once you've created and installed your private location, you can assign Synthetic tests to your private location and visualize its test results just like you would with a managed location.

> Your private location worker pulls your test configurations from Datadog’s servers using HTTPS, executes the test on a schedule or on-demand, and returns the test results to Datadog’s servers. Your private locations test results display identically to your managed location test results.

Reviewer: Actually, if that's ok with you, I'd be in favor of removing that - it does not make sense to go that level of details for the getting started guide I think!

Reviewer: We can move that "Your private locations test results display identically to your managed location test results." bit to the above sentence

{{< img src="synthetics/private_locations/test_results_pl.png" alt="Assign Synthetic test to private location"  style="width:100%;">}}

> You can access the private location worker on Docker Hub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the private location worker image on Docker Hub:
```

Reviewer: How about getting rid of the table and just have a regular link?

> 1. Set up a [Vagrant Ubuntu 16.04 virtual machine][2].

Reviewer: Users can install Docker on virtually any machine they want, how about saying something like "Install Docker on the machine you would like. You can also install it on a virtual machine like Vagrant Ubuntu 16.04 to get started quickly."? 
We've had several users believe private locations were only supported on Ubuntu VMs because of that sentence so it'd be great if we could clarify that 😅

2. Install [Docker][4] on that machine.
3. In the Datadog application, hover over **[UX Monitoring][5]** and select **Settings** > **Private Locations**. 
4. Click **Add Private Location**.

> 5. Fill out your private location details (only `Name` and `API key` fields are mandatory). 

Reviewer: Let's add something like "Depending on where you installed your private location (e.g., behind a proxy, etc.), you might have some additional parameters to configure" with a link to https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/private_locations/configuration/#configuration-options

6. Click **Save Location and Generate Configuration File** to generate the configuration file associated with your private location on your worker.

> 7. If the traffic between your private location and Datadog goes through a proxy, specify your proxy URL. Optionally, toggle the **Block reserved IPs** button to block a default set of reserved IP ranges. For more information, see [IPv4 address registry][6] and [IPv6 address registry][7].

Reviewer: Let's remove that one

8. Copy and paste your private location configuration file to your working directory.

>     **Note**: The configuration file contains secrets for private location authentication, test configuration decryption, and test result encryption. Datadog does not store the secrets, so store them locally before leaving the **Private Locations** page. **To add more workers or install workers on another host, you need to be able to reference the secrets again**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: The configuration file contains secrets for private location authentication, test configuration decryption, and test result encryption. **Datadog does not store the secrets, so store them locally** before leaving the **Private Locations** page. You need to be able to reference the secrets again to add more workers to your private location.
```

    
9. Launch your worker as a standalone container using the Docker `run` command and the previously created configuration file:

    ```shell
    docker run --rm -v $PWD/worker-config-<LOCATION_ID>.json:/etc/datadog/synthetics-check-runner.json datadog/synthetics-private-location-worker
    ```

10. If your private location reports correctly to Datadog, you will see an `OK` health status on your **Private Locations** list in **Settings**:

    {{< img src="synthetics/private_locations/pl_health.png" alt="Private Location Health"  style="width:100%;">}}

>     In this example, you can see private location logs populating:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You should also start getting these private location logs on your terminal:
```

    ```text
    2019-12-17 13:05:03 [info]: Fetching 10 messages from queue - 10 slots available
    2019-12-17 13:05:03 [info]: Fetching 10 messages from queue - 10 slots available
    2019-12-17 13:05:04 [info]: Fetching 10 messages from queue - 10 slots available
    ```

You are now able to use your new private location just like a managed location to run Synthetic tests.

## Run synthetic tests with your private location

> 1. Create an API test, multistep API test, or browser test on any internal endpoint or application you want to monitor.

Reviewer: Can we add links to those?

2. Under **Private Locations**, select your new private location:

    {{< img src="synthetics/private_locations/assign_test_pl.png" alt="Assign Synthetic test to private location"  style="width:75%;">}}

> 3. Continue filling out your test!

Reviewer: 🔥
